#DOMAIN-SUFFIX, ckcloud.xyz, proxy
DOMAIN-SUFFIX,headphones-cdn.meta.ndmdhs.com,狮城节点
USER-AGENT,抖音*,DIRECT

#steam分流
DOMAIN-SUFFIX,steamcommunity.com,steam
DOMAIN-SUFFIX,steamstatic.com,steam
DOMAIN-SUFFIX,steampowered.com,steam
DOMAIN-SUFFIX,steammobile.akamaized.net,steam
DOMAIN-SUFFIX,community.steam-api.com,steam
DOMAIN-SUFFIX,steamproxy.net,steam
DOMAIN-SUFFIX,steamproxy.vip,steam

DOMAIN-SUFFIX,whoer.net,Proxy
DOMAIN-SUFFIX,aaxxxx.com,全球加速
DOMAIN-SUFFIX,xn--5hqx9equq.com,冲浪猫
#DOMAIN-SUFFIX,googleadservices.com,台湾节点
# > ChatGPT分流
DOMAIN-SUFFIX,chat.openai.com, ChatGPT
DOMAIN-SUFFIX,openai.com, ChatGPT
DOMAIN-SUFFIX,platform.openai.com, ChatGPT


# > Twitter
DOMAIN-SUFFIX,pscp.tv, Twitter
DOMAIN-SUFFIX,periscope.tv, Twitter
DOMAIN-SUFFIX,t.co, Twitter
DOMAIN-SUFFIX,twimg.co, Twitter
DOMAIN-SUFFIX,twimg.com, Twitter
DOMAIN-SUFFIX,twitpic.com, Twitter
DOMAIN-SUFFIX,vine.co, Twitter
DOMAIN-KEYWORD,twitter, Twitter
# > YouTube
user-agent, com.google.ios.youtube*, YouTube
user-agent, YouTube*, YouTube
host-suffix, googlevideo.com, YouTube
host-suffix, youtube.com, YouTube
host, youtubei.googleapis.com, YouTube
# > Spotify
user-agent, Spotify*, Spotify
host-suffix, pscdn.co, Spotify
host-suffix, scdn.co, Spotify
host-suffix, spotify.com, Spotify
host-suffix, spoti.fi, Spotify
host-keyword, spotify.com, Spotify
host-keyword, -spotify-com, Spotify

DOMAIN-SUFFIX,sanfen005.xyz,冲浪猫
DOMAIN-SUFFIX,xn--mesv7f5toqlp.com,冲浪猫
DOMAIN-SUFFIX,shop.sanfen.co,冲浪猫
DOMAIN-SUFFIX,msclm.net,冲浪猫
DOMAIN-SUFFIX,msclm.com,冲浪猫
DOMAIN-SUFFIX,msclm.top,冲浪猫
#DOMAIN-SUFFIX,
#DOMAIN-SUFFIX,
#DOMAIN-SUFFIX,
#DOMAIN-SUFFIX,
#DOMAIN-SUFFIX,
#DOMAIN-SUFFIX,
#DOMAIN-SUFFIX,
#DOMAIN-SUFFIX,
#DOMAIN-SUFFIX,
#DOMAIN-SUFFIX,
#DOMAIN-SUFFIX,
#DOMAIN-SUFFIX,
#DOMAIN-SUFFIX,
#DOMAIN-SUFFIX,
#DOMAIN-SUFFIX,




