#HOST-SUFFIX,spotify.com,Proxy

DOMAIN-SUFFIX,whoer.net,Proxy
DOMAIN-SUFFIX,aaxxxx.com,全球加速
DOMAIN-SUFFIX,ttdhm.store,direct
DOMAIN-SUFFIX,smailpro.com,日本节点
#DOMAIN-SUFFIX,gaoneng.bilibili.com,direct

# > ChatGPT分流
DOMAIN-SUFFIX,chat.openai.com, ChatGPT
DOMAIN-SUFFIX,openai.com, ChatGPT
DOMAIN-SUFFIX,platform.openai.com, ChatGPT


# > Twitter
DOMAIN-SUFFIX,pscp.tv, Twitter
DOMAIN-SUFFIX,periscope.tv, Twitter
DOMAIN-SUFFIX,t.co, Twitter
DOMAIN-SUFFIX,twimg.co, Twitter
DOMAIN-SUFFIX,twimg.com, Twitter
DOMAIN-SUFFIX,twitpic.com, Twitter
DOMAIN-SUFFIX,vine.co, Twitter
DOMAIN-KEYWORD,twitter, Twitter
# > YouTube
user-agent, com.google.ios.youtube*, YouTube
user-agent, YouTube*, YouTube
host-suffix, googlevideo.com, YouTube
host-suffix, youtube.com, YouTube
host, youtubei.googleapis.com, YouTube
# > Spotify
user-agent, Spotify*, Spotify
host-suffix, pscdn.co, Spotify
host-suffix, scdn.co, Spotify
host-suffix, spotify.com, Spotify
host-suffix, spoti.fi, Spotify
host-keyword, spotify.com, Spotify
host-keyword, -spotify-com, Spotify
#同花顺直连分流
#DOMAIN-SUFFIX,mobi2.123ths.com,direct
#DOMAIN-SUFFIX,eq.10jqka.com.cn,direct
#DOMAIN-SUFFIX,mnews.hexin.cn,direct
#DOMAIN-SUFFIX,m.10jqka.com.cn,direct
#DOMAIN-SUFFIX,
